the war in Gaza loomed large over this
year's Gathering of the world economic
Forum but at times it seemed like the
issue very few wanted to talk about
among those who did Israel's president
Isaac Herzog himself named in the
genocide case currently before the
international court of justice in the ha
you might think he'd be in damaged
limitation mode perhaps not when you
hear this comment about the people of
Gaza and in every house you find Terror
equipment you pull up in a in a in a Liv
in a bedroom you pull up the bed you
find a missile others were very careful
with their words particularly those who
still oppose an immediate ceasefire
there's a profound opportunity for
regionalization in the Middle East in
the greater Middle East that we have not
had before uh the challenge is realizing
it we want this conflict to end as soon
as possible we don't want it to go on
for a long a moment longer than
necessary more than a decade ago the
world economic Forum set up a youth
group called the global Shapers which
now operates in over 150 countries they
are raising the alarm about Gaza and
their New York delegate told me she was
shocked by the way the conflict was
addressed this week I still expected
that given the events of the last 100
days we would see more one more of a
humanitarian discussion two that the
word Gaza would be brought up more and I
don't think it quite has
um and three I thought that there would
be more Palestinian voices to balance
out the voices that we're hearing from
Israel a year ago here in Davos world
leaders were queuing up to talk very
forcefully about the war in Ukraine now
it seems different when the global
headlines are on the bombardment by
Israel of Gaza there are those countries
that are calling for an immediate
ceasefire but they're not saying that
much here perhaps because they don't
want to upset the Americans and then
there are those that say Israel still
has the right to self-defense again
their comments are limited at a time
when Israel is facing a case in the
international court of justice under the
genocide convention James Bay Al jazer
Davos make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer